[WebExtensions] Deprecate runtime.PlatformInfo.nacl_arch (#43799)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/runtime/index.md

  - : Identifies the browser's processor architecture.
- {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.PlatformInfo")}}
  - : Contains information about the platform the browser is running on.
- {{WebExtAPIRef("runtime.PlatformNaclArch")}} {{deprecated_inline}}

>   - : The deprecated enumeraton value representing Google Native Client architecture. Consider migrating to `PlatformArch` which is supported by Safari and Mizilla and actually represents the true CPU architecture and conveys correct bitness infrmation on ARM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The deprecated enumeration value representing Google Native Client architecture. Consider migrating to `PlatformArch`, which is supported by Safari and Mozilla, and represents the true CPU architecture and conveys correct bitness information on ARM.
```
